Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
* Bleeds
[chattering, shouting]
* But it bleeds
although you block it *
* But it bleeds.
Oh, get it together, Becca!
You gotta help me, please!
I'm sorry.
I'll do anything you want!
Just tell him to stop!
- I want it to be over.
- Let go of me!
[rumbling]
Please, please!
Help me!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Come on!
[rumbling]
- It's getting worse!
- What's going on?
Hey, are we having
an earthquake?
What are you
talking about, dude?
- You don't feel that?
- Feel what?
- Becca! What's going on?
- I don't know.
No! No! No!
Look!
Save Hennessey Hall!
[chanting continues]
[grunts]
What are you doing?
Get out of the way!
It's coming back down!
What are you doing?
Are you insane?
You almost just got killed.
Bummer.
- Pizza?
- Okay.
What is wrong
with you people?
Hey, don't sweat it.
There's plenty of things
to do around here.
[birds chirping]
* I don't know
what's in my head *
* What I feel,
what I see *
Hey, Max!
I just got in the new shirts.
What?
What do you mean,
somebody cut you out?
That's impossible.
* Oh, singularity
* It's happening to me.
Hey, hey!
Where did you get
that shirt?
Where did you get it?
Hey, excuse me. Listen,
where did you get that?
Hi, hi. Excuse me.
Where did you buy that shirt?
It's pretty awesome, huh?
Yeah, but where
did you get it?
Some guy was selling them
at the student union.
You've seen 'em, you want 'em,
I got 'em.
$20 bucks a pop.
Let's get the money out.
Here you go...
Hey!
- Where did you get these?
- Back off, man.
- Yo!
- I'm taking what's mine.
- I'm calling Security!
- Yeah? You do that.
Then maybe you can explain
to them
why you're selling
stolen property!
Whoa. I don't know
anything about that!
Who gave theses to you?
Who?
Some guy who said that,
if I helped sell the shirts,
he'd cut me in.
Good.
You can tell me
how I can contact him.
Give me these.
Yeah, Arun, listen.
Somebody's stealing from us.
I need you to call the guy
and set up a meeting.
I don't know, Ari.
What if he finds out who I am?
Arun, it's your artwork.
He's ripping you off, too!
- Arun!
- Okay, okay.
Listen, his name
is Elliott Carpenter.
Call me when you set it up
and I'll meet you there.
It doesn't even
look good on you!
[pounding on door]
How does it feel?
[phone rings]
Damn! Hey, Ari.
Arun, everything set?
Yeah, he should be
here in 30 minutes.
What if he finds us out
and we lose 'em?
Just get him to take you
to the merchandise.
You call me and
I'll be there.
You know, this affects
you too, Arun.
[knocking on door]
Oh, crap. He's early.
David, aren't you
gonna let me in?
Of course. Come in.
So you're looking to buy.
- Yeah.
- For yourself or resale?
Resale.
- So can I see the stuff?
- What stuff?
The shirts.
Yeah, I have to
be careful, David.
You never know
who's a plant.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
I'm just a little nervous.
I've never done this before.
[pounding]
What's that?
Nothing.
It's just an unauthorized pet.
You have to hide it.
You never know
who's a plant, right?
Let's get going.
[pounding]
Hey, I heard there's another
protest later tonight.
- Is this the campus green?
- Yeah.
It seems so different.
Things are always
changing around here.
Get used to it.
Do you go to school here?
Yeah. I figured out
a way to cheat.
1616 Farragut.
Don't move until
I get there!
I might need your help.
I think you're really
gonna love these.
What?
Oh, the shirts.
- Yeah, yeah, awesome.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah, sure, yeah, totally.
- You seem a little anxious.
No, no, no.
I'm good.
You know what relaxes me
when I'm anxious, David?
Hanging upside down.
What is that?
You're really
gonna like it.
I mean, it really
calms the soul.
No that we have one.
Try it out.
Actually, I have
to get going.
I insist.
It's a real rush.
Yeah, I don't really
like this.
Yeah, well, you're gonna
have plenty of time
to get used to it.
- Ari! Help!
- I'm gonna kill you!
Come on!
We can work something out!
How about 50-50?
50-50?
It's my stuff!
How about 60-40?
I mean, you gotta work
with me here, you know?
Ari? Come back!
Ari!
Who the hell do you
think you are?
Just a guy playing along
like everyone else.
- Not by the rules!
- Rules.
You know, that's the problem
with this place!
There's too many rules!
But you're not
supposed to do this!
[grunts]
Tough spot!
Help me up!
I only help my partners.
Oh, my God!
I need help!
Somebody help me!
Oh, no.
He's not breathing!
Someone call 9-1-1!
What is wrong with you!
He needs help!
Call 9-1-1!
Why won't
anybody help me?
Don't move.
Why not?
Why not? You just fell
like 13 stories.
But I'm okay.
How can you be okay?
I feel okay.
You're not bleeding.
Everything looks so strange.
What do you mean?
I mean, I know this place.
I've been here before.
But it just...
it looks different, you know?
Yeah, actually I do.
You need to go
to the hospital.
No, no, I don't think
that's necessary.
I don't care what you think.
You're coming with me.
Well, everything
checks out all right.
But I saw him
fall 13 stories.
But everything
checks out all right.
Everything checks out
all right.
But that's impossible.
I saw him fall from
the top of a building.
Have a nice day.
But, I...
Have a good day.
It's empty.
Well, that's weird.
That's weird?
Hey, what's your name?
Becca.
Well, thank you, Becca.
Yeah, no problem.
Listen, if you're free, maybe
we could grab dinner some... ow!
What? Are you insane?
- Does it hurt?
- Yeah, it hurts!
You just stabbed me
in the hand!
How do you
explain that then?
Maybe we can see
another doctor.
No. I don't need
What I need is to find the guy
who's stealing my business away.
No, you can't just leave.
We have to figure this out.
Stay away from me.
Look, I'm in Weinstein 350
if you change your mind.
[grunting]
Hello?
Is anyone there?
[pounding]
Dude, shut...
Interesting skeletons
you keep in there.
Give it back.
Come get it.
What do you want from me?
Well, you put me in
a tough spot.
So to make it up to me,
I want you to join
a worthy cause that'll
help me get out of it.
No. I won't do it.
Yes, you will.
- I'll just...
- What? Erase them?
Not while they're
locked in, dummy.
1060 Norman Avenue.
You have until four.
Can I help you?
Is this Room 318,
Weinstein 318?
Oh, Weinstein's
across the green.
- This is Mendon Hall.
- I'm such an idiot.
I'm sorry for bothering you.
That's okay.
What's that?
A painting.
You paint?
I didn't know that.
Why would you?
Right, of course.
I'm not making any sense today.
Look, I'm late
for my opening,
but if you want,
I'll be passing Weinstein.
I can show you where it is.
That'd be really nice, Arun.
How do you know my name?
I read it.
Yeah.
You look like you just
been through a carwash
without the car.
Yeah, I've had better days.
Damn it!
This looks terrible!
Izzy, something really
weird is happening here.
I can't do this.
Whoa, what's wrong, Iz?
I...
I just wish I'd brought
that other dress!
I just saw a man fall
from the top of a building
and not get hurt.
What do you think
about this one?
Who cares about your dress?
Did you even hear
what I just said?
I care!
I have to make sure everything
is perfect tonight
or this is gonna be
the shortest date in history!
He fell 13 stories and
just got up and walked away.
What is wrong with everybody?
[sighs]
- Uh, when did you start?
- I just signed up today.
Any recommendations on what
I should do first?
Uh, whatever
you like, really.
I sculpt.
- You do?
- Since I was 12.
But I don't think
I'm good enough to get
into a show like you.
You just need
to get people to like you.
Well, then I guess you
must have a lot of talent.
Uh, I don't really know.
It's just sort of in comparison
to everyone else here.
So what do your
parents think...
about your sculpting,
I mean?
They don't know
anything about it.
They think
I'm going to class.
Whoa.
There's just
something inside
you can't let
anyone stop, you know.
Yeah.
Hey, why don't you come
to my art opening tonight?
Sure, I'd love to come.
Hi, there.
Love to come where?
- Who is this?
- Um...
- I'm Greta.
- Izzy, Greta.
And who's Greta?
I was just
helping her find...
- My room.
- Oh, your room, really?
- He was just being a gentleman.
- Well, he is that.
That's why he invited me
to his art opening.
Oh, is this before or after
he helps you find your room?
Look, I'll see you
at the exhibit, okay?
It was nice meeting you, Izzy.
I got to drop this off.
Do you wanna come with me?
Of course.
You know, I looked for you
last night.
It didn't come in.
I had to do something.
Yeah, real life
interferes sometimes.
You know, that girl,
it was just nothing.
I'm not upset.
I just got a little jealous.
Jealous?
Why would you get jealous?
It's just I've imagined
strolling out
in the open like this
for a long time.
I don't wanna lose that.
Were your past boyfriends
vampires or something?
Let's just say they
wouldn't be seen in
the light of day with me.
What?
Do you have some sort of
deformity I don't know about?
Sometimes people are
just afraid to let you be
who you are.
Yeah, like parents.
What?
What's wrong?
I just wish...
Wish what?
- Nothing.
- Support the cause!
No limitations!
No restrictions!
No administrators!
That's right!
Sign the petition!
Don't be a hater.
Don't be...
Jerk-off!
We paid for this place!
We should be able to do
what we want, right?
Isn't that right?
- Come on, Arun.
- Isn't that right?
Get away from us!
He doesn't like
to be kept waiting.
- What was that about?
- I have to pop out.
I forgot I had
to do something.
I'll see you later at
your opening, okay?
Okay, no problem.
Okay.
Hi. Do you have any books on
people who survive major trauma?
Like big falls or something?
Niagara Falls, aisle 2.
No, like people
who fall from buildings.
Buildings,
aisle 16.
[sighs]
Am I losing it?
Well, whatever you lost,
maybe I can help you find?
Better yet, maybe we could
find something new!
Oh! Get away from me!
Come on,
let's have some fun!
Isn't that why
we're all here?
[grunts]
Excuse me.
You gotta help me.
This guy is chasing me
and... excuse me?
Tight squeeze.
Oh, loosen up.
That kind of behavior
isn't allowed here.
Next time,
you'll be kicked out.
Guys, we were
just playing around.
What, you're just
gonna let him go?
David?
Come on in.
- This the guy?
- This is him.
Great.
Elliott tells me
you're here to join.
Dude, I'm not your guy.
- Look, David...
- Arun?
Jennifer?
No, I knew you didn't
really look like a David.
Well, look at that.
Isn't that ironic?
What is he doing here?
You didn't say
anything to him?
Say something to me?
Now why would I do that?
But it is good to have
a face just in case
you don't come
through for me.
And I will tell him.
- You guys totally lost me.
- She's one of us, Arun.
What do you want with me?
To sign a piece of paper
saying you'll join our cause.
Why?
We only three more signatures
and this place is ours.
I like it how it is.
Just sign it
and you'll never
hear from us again.
Okay, fine, I'll join.
You won't be sorry.
What did you tell him?
Nothing yet.
- Unless I join you.
- Precisely.
Why me?
Why now?
The situation has changed.
We're almost there
but the pickings are
getting increasingly thin.
In short, we need you.
Get her away from me.
Trust me, Iz.
This is for the best.
You know, I knew
you were selfish.
But I didn't think you
could be cruel.
Right now, I'm about
to get kicked out of here.
Good.
I blew all my allowance
money on this stupid place.
But it's gonna rock once
these guys take over.
Go away.
I hate you.
Jennifer sees
the big picture.
She gets it.
It's time for you
to get with it, too.
If you think you can scare me
into joining, you're wrong.
You know, you could have
made yourself look better.
So you'll be the one
to tell him then?
Maybe I'll take my chances.
Good luck.
We're not the bad guys.
So when you take over,
how can I trust that
you're gonna keep quiet?
See, that's the beauty
of when we take over.
Everyone's business
will be their own.
I don't believe you.
Well, you'll
just have to trust me.
Or tell him yourself.
Maybe I'll do that!
You are really
pissing me off.
You have until
midnight to sign on
or I'm telling him.
Give me the day
to think about it.
- You have until midnight!
- What?
They are all over us!
There isn't much time!
Midnight.
One more.
It had to be done.
You really mean that?
About everyone's business
being their own?
Freaks like Izzy won't
be around to find out.
* This ain't no time
to celebrate *
* For being
a part of the scene *
* It's time to tweak
and not fixate *
Another!
You already
exceeded your limit.
Can I interest you in
a cup of coffee?
I wanna drink till I'm lying
face down in my own vomit.
You've already
exceeded your limit.
Enough.
How about a cup of coffee?
You moron!
What I need is another...
Never mind.
Coffee?
Hey, cool if
I buy you a drink?
Really?
Are you gonna do this?
- We're just having fun.
- Yeah, I know it's fun now.
What if it gets serious?
You guys don't even
know each other.
What's your problem?
I'm just trying to save
you from some heartache.
Be miserable
in your own life.
Don't bring it here.
Arun, what am
I doing to you?
* This darkened heart
and darkened mind *
* Are in a part of me that's
proving hard to find *
I think I like
that one best.
Really?
You think it's good?
Mm-hmm. I totally feel
that way sometimes.
So your parents want you
to be a doctor, huh?
You don't even know
the half of it.
They have me set up
to marry some girl that
I don't even know.
An arranged marriage?
It's so unfair.
I mean, I've never
even met this girl.
How can you love someone
you've never met?
You can't.
I just imagine her to be this
cow with like three heads
and all these boils.
Well, I can assure
you she's definitely not.
I mean, you know,
you can't think that way.
You be positive.
My parents actually
have me arranged, too.
- Really?
- Mm-hmm.
Look, I have a confession.
Yeah?
I saw you today
at the Griefers.
I followed you.
Look, you were acting
really strange.
And I was worried.
I thought I would just check.
And make sure
everything's okay.
I mean, that's probably
why Izzy was there, too.
Izzy? That's why she
left so abruptly.
She wasn't following me.
She was on her way there.
Where is she anyway?
I need to call her.
No, no. You need to
calm down first, okay?
Just think it through.
I'm sure there's a really
good explanation for it.
Maybe.
Being here sometimes
feels like an arranged
marriage, right?
You don't really always know
who the other person is.
Arun, Arun,
I need to talk to you.
All right, just
give me a little...
I really need
to talk to you.
- I'm busy...
- Now!
It's okay.
I'll see you later, okay?
[phone rings]
- Hello?
- Arun?
Yes? This is me, Arun.
I need to see you tonight.
It's really important.
Okay.
How about Campus Tap Room?
- 5 p.m.?
- Campus Tap Room.
Look, I cannot
find Elliott anywhere.
- Have you seen him?
- No, I haven't.
Are you okay?
I've had better days.
Wonder what this place
is gonna be like after
they take over?
Man, this guy's sick!
Too bad he's a dot-head
or we'd keep him around.
What did you just say?
What do you care?
- Come on, Ari, let's just...
- No, no.
I care because he's my friend.
Oh, isn't that cute?
He standing up
for his boyfriend.
Ari, it's not worth it!
Look, I've had a
very, very rough day
and I suggest that
you don't add to it.
- We don't care.
- Not even a little.
[grunting]
Get him!
[coughs]
Woo!
- Yeah, baby!
- Let's go.
Woo!
Ready for some coffee?
What I need is another shot!
You can have mine.
Shot, please?
You got it, gorgeous.
So what are we drinking to?
Confusion.
Here or at home?
Both.
Only, I never thought here
would be so complicated.
I get that.
You'd think that being
here would be a lot easier
than home life
where not everyone's
so welcoming, you know.
What are you up to?
Just buying a
new friend a drink.
Hey! Hey!
What did I say?
You're done.
You're cut off!
There's no more!
Finished!
Finite!
Nada!
The only thing you're gonna
get is coffee, or you leave.
- What do you want?
- Fine. Coffee.
Coffee.
Please, handsome bartender,
can I have some coffee?
See?
Was that hard?
No, that's not hard.
You want another shot?
- Mm-hmm.
- Hoo-hoo-hoo.
So what's your story?
Nothing exciting really.
I just joined.
Any particular reason?
Guys?
Well, there are a lot
of great guys here.
Other great guys.
Please, he's crazy about you.
Anyone can see that.
Anyway, it's actually a guy.
We knew each other
as little kids
and I heard he was here
so I kind of hope to see how
the adult version turned out.
Have you found him yet?
So what about you?
I have to ask, what's the deal
with you and the Griefers?
What?
I saw you when
you stopped by today.
Oh, you're one of them, too?
No, no, no.
I was hiding from them.
They found out something
about me
that I haven't
told Arun yet
and they're holding it over
my head until I join them.
Uh-oh.
I totally didn't mean
for this to happen.
I came here looking for a place
where I can just be myself
without all the judgment,
you know?
And then I met Arun.
He's so sweet.
I...
I just don't want
to blow it.
What could be so bad, though,
that you can't tell him?
This happened once before.
I can't talk about it.
Look, I know where
you're coming from.
In my house, feelings
are secondary.
You're told what to do
and who to be with
from almost
the minute that you're born.
I would give anything
to share a secret with
someone that I love.
Where do you think
it's gonna go, huh?
- Outside?
- I don't know.
Like I said, I never
intended for this to happen.
Arun is such
an incredible person.
He's so soft, so open.
And so malleable.
You know... sensitive.
Guys where I'm from like
telling women what to do.
That's not really my type.
I made plans to see
him tonight and tell him.
But I don't know,
I'm having second thoughts.
If he loves you,
he'll accept it.
And if not, who needs him?
I thought you were
just a manipulative bitch.
Ouch!
[laughs]
So why were you
at the Griefers?
I was following Arun.
Why was he
at the Griefers?
They couldn't have told him.
They need me.
Maybe you're not
the only one with a secret.
* You're missing
all the clues *
all the reasons *
* You're missing
all the things right
in front of you *
* The pieces that
tell the truth *
* Then what's the use?
What are you needing? *
What am I?
Hey, gorgeous.
You could use an upgrade.
How did you get in here?
You should keep
it locked to non-friends.
Oh!
Help!
Why are you doing this to me?
No more talking!
Do you really need another
reason for me to kick your ass?
Is that all you're gonna do?
[grunts]
- You okay?
- Yeah.
[screams]
Ari!
Ari, I can't hold on!
You're pulling me!
You're pulling us both down!
- Jump!
- What?
- What do you mean, jump?
You've already
survived one fall!
That's true.
You want to test
if I can do it again?
- We're both gonna fall!
- Bye, guys.
Wait, wait, wait!
Pull me up!
I'll give you what you want!
Anything!
- I'll give you what you want!
- Really?
Yes, please!
Just help me up!
You know what?
I think I'm just gonna
let him pull you down!
- Let us up!
- No!
Get off me!
- Climb on me!
- Get off me!
Never!
Hurry!
Grab the rail!
Ari!
Let's see what happens when
you go through the window!
Go ahead.
That works just as well.
[knocking on door]
- Security!
- Coming!
Stop!
Tell them to go away,
and I'll stop.
I want every penny back!
He attacked me and all
you care about is money?
Look, if she tells, you can
kiss your money goodbye!
He's not gonna
bother you again.
How do you know that?
'Cause they'll be
too scared to.
Yeah, well, she's not
really my type anyway.
Well, that wasn't
the most elegant rescue.
But thanks for
getting rid of him.
Yeah, well, you're welcome.
Why are you here?
Listen, there's
something else.
I got into this fight
and I had a big piece
of glass
sticking out of
the side of my head.
And when I pulled it out,
there wasn't any blood.
Not even a cut.
And you wouldn't let go
to save me from falling?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Am I just supposed to assume
that I'm indestructible?
What are you thinking?
I think that you and Elliott
have something in common.
Me and Elliott?
What could we possibly
have in common?
No blood.
I don't understand.
Before I fell out the window,
I stabbed Elliott with it.
What are you?
What are you hiding?
Hiding?
I'm not hiding anything!
Listen, listen.
I just want what's mine.
That's it.
You're something else.
Becca, I swear I know
just as much as you do.
How do you know him?
I found out that he was
ripping me off.
I didn't even meet him
until today.
This can't be a coincidence.
Where are you from?
I don't know.
What do you mean,
you don't know?
I mean, I can't remember.
I can't remember
where I'm from.
I can't remember anything
before being at this school.
It's okay.
Maybe the fall did
something to your memory.
Let's go see if we can find
anything at student records.
Excuse me?
My friend would like to get
a look at his records.
He would like to see
his records, please?
You see that?
It's like I'm not even there.
Hello?
It's not just
you and Elliott.
There's something wrong
with this whole place.
Check the computer.
Frozen.
Yeah, this one too.
Check the cabinets.
Empty.
- They're all empty.
- This doesn't make any sense.
I know.
I think Elliott knows
more than we do.
I need to talk to him.
No, Becca, that's
not a good idea.
He has answers.
I'm sure of it.
Hey, Ari blocked me
from accessing his stuff.
- Good.
- It's your fault.
It's my fault!
You're the one who's
trying to steal from him!
Yeah. Well, now you're
gonna help me.
Look, those guys,
those psychos you made me
join destroyed months and
months of my hard work.
I'm through helping you.
Hey, is that your
new friend over there?
She's cute.
Why don't we go
over together
and we can give her
a tour of your room.
That'd be fun.
- What do you want from me?
- I want you go to Ari's
and steal a bunch
of his new stuff.
- No way.
- Yes way.
Look, Ari is my friend
and we're business partners.
Partners steal
from each other all the time.
- It's no big deal.
- Yeah, if you're a thief.
Okay, if I get caught,
I'll get kicked out of here.
Possibly.
The alternative, of course,
is you come clean
and then you definitely
get kicked out.
So what do you say?
I can't do this.
I'm sorry, Ari.
What are you doing?
Arun, what are you doing here?
- I think you should leave.
- Whose are these?
You need to go, okay?
We'll get in trouble
if you're caught.
Are you stealing these?
I don't have
a choice, okay?
[police radio chatter]
Oh, my God.
Come on!
You are in a
rules violation!
Maybe they didn't
see us go through!
Move that!
Come on!
I don't think
it's gonna hold.
Damn it!
Look!
This isn't just one wall.
There's two walls that
meet right here!
They're gonna
bust through.
- Push!
- Greta!
Push!
I didn't know
you could do that.
Neither did I.
We should go.
- Yeah.
So you wanna tell me
what that was all about?
I can't.
Well, you don't strike me
as a rule breaker.
So what's the deal?
- I'm a rebel.
- Yeah.
That's why you were so eager
to join the Griefers, right?
I was forced to join.
He made me.
Who?
Elliott.
He wants me to steal
from my friend, Ari.
What could he possibly have on
you that would make you do that?
Look, I just racked up
two violations helping you.
One more and I'm out.
You owe me an explanation!
Okay, fine.
I'll tell you.
But you're not gonna
like it or me.
My parents.
Whoa.
Look, I know
it's freaky, but...
That's awesome.
I had no idea
how much you were like me.
[phone rings]
Stood up?
* You got that
freaky karma *
sticky charm-a *
* There's some
electric static *
* Fulfilling in
your genes *
* You've got no imitation...
[knocking on door]
I didn't join your game!
If I find you,
I'm gonna report you!
Idiots!
Jennifer?
Hey!
Did you leave
this on my bed?
I trusted you.
I know, but we just need
a couple more people
and then we'll
own this place.
Don't you want the freedom
to do what you want here?
Oh my God, you just sound
like one of those jerks!
- Well, don't you?
- No.
I want everyone to stay
out of my business!
- That's what we want, too.
- Telling Arun
definitely does not qualify as
staying out of my business.
I can't believe
you told them.
If you help out, they're
not even gonna tell anybody.
- Jesus, Jennifer.
- Come on, just help us.
Come on!
* You put your crimes
on deposit *
* And your reasons
on your back *
* Your mind in the closet
* And you leave it
where it's at *
* You make some confessions.
- Let's split up.
- Are you sure that's safe?
We have to find him.
Yeah, all right, here.
Take this.
- If you need me, just hit send.
- All right.
Yo!
I got t-shirts, sunglasses!
- Coolest stuff here!
- Let's see it.
- Cool. How much?
- $15.
A whole lot cheaper
than the guy who was
selling them yesterday.
[rumbling]
- Oh, my God!
- Izzy, I'm so sorry!
Oh, it's okay, Greta.
I'm gonna go change.
If you see Arun, can you
tell him to wait for me?
Yeah.
Oh, hey, Greta.
Have you seen Izzy?
No. I don't think
she's here yet.
- Why don't we go get a drink?
- All right.
You know, I didn't like
you when I first saw you.
Awesome.
I thought you were
a typical American.
You know, arrogant,
egocentric.
Then I saw what a softy
you were. It's endearing.
* With all these
broken plans *
* What's left for us
to do but dance *
* We're stuck inside
the circumstance *
Hey, Arun, hi.
Have you seen a guy?
Brown hair,
blue shirt, crazy eyes?
Are you okay?
Here, have a drink.
Thanks.
So I'm coming to Amer...
to where you live.
See some relatives.
Thought maybe you
and I could...
- Hey!
- You screwed me again!
The Security came.
What was I supposed to do?
God, you are so lame.
- Hey, he's telling the truth.
- Look, stay out of it.
Elliot, look,
I'm not your guy, all right?
Look, I need you
to get rid of Ari.
What do you mean,
get rid of him?
What the hell do you
think I mean?
He's my friend!
Yeah, well,
it's either him or me.
It's not really a hard choice.
You were saying?
Nothing.
Yeah. That's what I thought.
[rumbling]
You guys feel that?
So that's Elliott?
Yeah.
Woop!
Well?
He said
I have till midnight.
Yeah. That's like
an hour from now.
Well, why don't you be
a Griefer somewhere else
and talk to me
in an hour then?
You know, you might want
to think real hard on
that attitude.
Looks like you
have competition.
Don't be ridiculous.
Arun loves me.
She looks like
a real woman to me.
- Oh, hi, Izzy.
- Izzy?
- Arun?
- Sorry about the date.
I actually totally
forgot I made one.
Really?
Where were you?
- Well, he was with me.
- You?
- Mm-hmm.
- It's not what you think.
She's just helping me
with something.
Greta, how could you?
Oh, it's not
like that, Iz.
It was important.
That's all I get.
I had something important, too.
What?
It doesn't matter now.
Hey!
You know how
I feel about you.
Do I?
Yeah.
I hate how you do that.
Come on.
[gasps]
If I didn't know better,
I'd think you liked me.
All I want from you
is answers!
Well, there's a bedroom we can
use to unravel all my mysteries.
First I want to know
why you don't bleed.
Why are you
talking about?
I jabbed you in the neck
with a scalpel.
You're serious, aren't you?
It doesn't matter.
What's that?
[grunts]
That's me!
I made a decision.
Yes?
I was thinking maybe that
we could be together for real?
Are you serious?
There's something
I need to tell you.
Something important.
Crap!
I gotta go! I'm late!
But we'll meet up later.
This is real.
I feel strange.
Me too.
Everything looks familiar.
But it's like I'm...
seeing things
for the first time.
Like that.
You've seen
this 100 times.
I know, but now
I don't like it.
But it's my artwork.
You love my artwork.
Everyone loves my artwork.
[rumbling]
What is that?
Come on!
Wait a minute!
Where are you going?
To find out what that is!
I think we should just
wait here until it finishes.
We don't want to get
caught outside in a panic
and get crushed.
[gasps]
See?
All I see is that you
should be the one going first!
Oh, get it together, Becca!
You gotta help me! Please!
Help me!
- Help!
- Look, look, I'm sorry.
I'll do anything you want!
Just tell them to stop!
I don't want it to be over.
Let go of me!
Please, please, help me!
Help me!
I don't know what
you're talking about.
Come on!
- It's getting worse!
- What's going on?
Hey, are we having
an earthquake?
What are you talking
about, dude?
- You don't feel that?
- Feel what?
Becca, what's going on?
I don't know.
No, no, no!
Look!
Did that just happen?
What's wrong with you?
That guy just exploded right
in front of your eyes!
Okay.
What do you mean, okay?
I'm sure he deserved it.
Am I going insane?
No, you're not.
There's Arun and Izzy.
Did you see that?
That guy, he just exploded!
Hey, did you see
that guy explode?
Hey, you're the dude
who designed these, right?
- Yeah.
- They're awesome.
Back to the guy
who ate the grenade!
Sounds like he got axed.
Please tell me
you saw that.
- You did too?
- Yeah.
I thought we
were losing it.
Did you find
anyone else that did?
We need to go to
the Campus Police.
No. We can't go, okay?
They'll think we're crazy!
They'll lock us up
or something.
Seriously, Arun?
No. Security must
know something.
When Elliott attacked me,
they gave him one last warning.
They have to know him.
Maybe we just forget
all this happened.
Sure. Sprinkle fairy
dust on it
and wish it away.
We can't just hide from this.
What are you doing?
What's it your business?
Just thought you were
looking for someone.
So what if I am?
I'm good at finding people.
Are you now?
Give me a shot.
I'm looking for
a girl named Izzy.
- I thought you might be.
- You know her?
Maybe. What do you
want with her?
Her time is up.
To join?
Doesn't surprise me.
Izzy is not the type
to join a person like you.
Yes. Well, I can be
pretty persuasive.
You've got something on her.
Something she doesn't want
her boyfriend to find out.
How do you know that?
Tell me what it is
and I'll help you.
I don't need your help.
You're running out
of time, aren't you?
Maybe she's waiting you out.
Maybe she knows that Arun's not
gonna believe a guy like you.
Now me
me he'll believe.
But that would
devastate him.
Oh, all of a sudden,
you have a conscience.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of it myself.
There's got to be another
way to get her away from him.
Do you guys feel different?
- Different?
- How?
I don't know, different,
like, awake or something?
In a room full of people,
we're the only ones
who saw what happened
to Elliott.
You see that?
I broke that into
pieces 15 minutes ago.
How is that possible?
How is it possible
that I can't get hurt?
Show them.
What did you do?
- Are you crazy?
- Just wait.
He's super human.
I don't think it's just him.
I think we're all connected.
And it's time to find out
if I'm right.
[shouts]
Are you insane?
Are you a crazy, woman?
No. I'm not crazy.
There's not a scratch.
How is that possible?
What are we?
I don't know.
I don't know what we are.
I don't know where
we are either.
What do you mean?
We're at college.
Well, Becca has a theory
that maybe we're not.
And not only are we different,
but maybe this whole place is.
And what do you think?
I don't know.
What are you guys doing?
Greta!
Thank God, you're okay.
Why wouldn't I be?
I'm okay too, thanks.
Your turn
to help me up, huh?
Yeah, I think you've done
your share of falling.
What are you guys doing?
You mean the stairs?
That was, well...
The stairs?
We were talking
about the earthquake.
What earthquake?
Wait a second.
You didn't see any...
- She's one of them.
- One of who?
Okay, everyone just hold on.
She's our friend, right, Izzy?
She's not one of us.
How do you know she's not?
She said she's not, okay?
Why are you defending her?
Because she's my friend!
She's my good friend!
Good friend, huh?
I guess I must be your
best friend then, right?
What?
What do you mean, what?
I mean, you're my girlfriend,
not my friend.
So we're not friends?
No! I mean, yes!
I mean...
I don't think that's
what Arun is saying, Iz.
So now you know
what Arun thinks!
I didn't say that.
Maybe you shouldn't
say anything else.
Stop! We don't have time
for this, all right?
Let's split up and see if we
can maybe get some answers.
Ari and I will go
to the campus infirmary
and confront the doctors.
I have a feeling that they've
seen other cases like ours
and they're hiding it.
Arun, you and Iz
go to Campus Security.
Find out why they're
after Elliott.
Meet back here in an hour.
Maybe we can piece
this together.
Let's go.
Oh, I almost forgot.
How did you get this?
What is that?
Your room key?
Well, sort of.
What do you mean, sort of?
Don't play games
with me, Arun.
Is it yours or not?
What the hell is she doing
with your key, Arun?
Go ahead, Arun.
You can tell her.
She told you her
secret after all.
You're obviously
okay with it.
I'm sure she'll be
fine with yours, too.
Wait, what secret?
Oh, my God, I'm sorry.
- I thought you told him.
- Told him what?
Tell me what?
Are you hiding
something from me?
It sounds like you're
hiding something from me.
No! No, I have no idea
what you're talking about.
Oh, you two never met
for drinks.
Why are you staring at me?
Never your kind before.
- What kind?
- I shouldn't have said that.
That was incredibly
insensitive of me.
[footsteps]
What is your
problem with me?
You both need to come
with me now.
The Griefers are here and
they're looking for you both.
Woo!
You think there'll be
some answers here?
There's got to be
answers somewhere.
Oh, you're still here.
What seems to
be the problem?
You don't remember us?
We came in here earlier.
My friend had
fallen off a building
and you couldn't find
anything wrong with him.
Look, I know that our
story seemed crazy
and you probably
didn't believe it
but now there's a whole bunch
of us who are just like him.
Including me.
- Are you sick?
- No, I'm not sick.
Would you like an exam?
No, I don't want an exam!
Has anybody else come
in with this story?
Come in, yes,
by all means, come in.
If you're not feeling well,
the nurse will be
with you shortly.
You're not listening, okay?
We just fell down
a flight of stairs.
We should have
broken our necks.
A nurse will be
with you shortly.
We don't want
a damned nurse!
You don't
remember us at all?
A nurse will be
with you shortly.
Stop saying that!
Hey, stop!
Stop pretending like you
don't know anything!
What is going on
around here?
A nurse will be
with you shortly.
[sighs]
- What do they want with you?
Look, I already know you
went and saw them.
I know you did too.
I don't know what
they want with me.
- I already joined.
- You joined?
- How could you?
- I didn't have a choice.
Because of the secret
you're keeping from me.
- What's your excuse?
- I didn't join!
They're forcing you to join
which means they
know your secret!
What secret?
The one that Greta said you
were gonna tell me about!
I can't think of any secret!
I don't even know why
I'm running!
But, you mean,
you don't remember?
I remember going
to see them.
They threatened they'd tell you
something if I didn't join.
I remember being worried
but now I have no idea why.
I wish somebody would tell me.
Damn it!
Listen, hey.
It's gonna be okay, all right?
Look, we'll figure this out.
Will we?
We've gotten
this far, right?
Thank God,
somebody to talk to!
There's this guy, he just...
Well, I know
this sounds crazy.
But he blew up
and then vanished.
Continue.
And there's a bunch of us
who have survived stuff
that should have killed us.
Some of these people,
this doctor, they're not
even acting human.
I know this sounds crazy
but we're telling the truth.
- Are you a memory resident?
- What?
I said are you
memory residents?
Whoa, whoa, whoa, fellas.
Listen, we don't
want any trouble.
- We just want answers.
- Are you polymorphic?
- What are you talking about?
- We don't understand.
- Identify yourselves.
- I'm Becca.
Ari.
We said identify yourselves!
We just told you who we are!
- Are you Melissa?
- Are you deaf?
I just told you
my name is Becca!
Sorry to bother you.
We'll just...
We have a Code 51.
We need to take care of
them before they spread it
to the others.
[rumbling]
It didn't work.
They need to be isolated.
Don't let them get away.
Great. There's nobody here.
Maybe we can radio them.
Wait. This plan
is not gonna work.
They've already seen me.
Look, I'll go talk to them.
You don't even
know why we're here.
You didn't see anything.
Arun and I will talk to them.
He can't.
He'll get kicked out.
Is that true?
How did you even know that?
I was there.
Yeah, and you were there
at the Griefers too.
- And the bar and the party.
- So?
So don't you think
it's strange that you seem
to be everywhere we are?
It's not an accident
we met you, is it?
That's ridiculous.
You meant to knock
on Arun's door.
That's crazy!
Arun, are you really
gonna believe someone
who's always lied to you?
One thing is sure.
I know more about both of
you than you do each other!
We have a problem here?
We want to know if anybody's
gone missing recently.
What do you mean?
We mean, we want to know
if someone's gone missing.
We want to know
if there's others.
People leave all the time.
No, he didn't leave.
The whole place was shaking
and he disappeared
out of nowhere.
More like exploded.
- You saw him disintegrate?
- Identify yourselves.
- Izzy.
- Arun.
Shiva101.
You, over there.
- We may have a Code 51.
- Code 51?
Are you Melissa?
No, I just told you
I'm Izzy.
- I'm Arun.
- Code 51.
Are you certain it's a 51
and not an infraction?
Affirmative. 51.
We need to take
care of them before
they spread it to the others.
[rumbling]
Nothing.
They need to be isolated.
Arun, run!
You blocked us
from our objectives.
Your time here
has now expired.
I'm sorry, okay?
Look, I know where
they're going.
[rumbling]
Can you hear me?
I said I know where
they're going!
Show us.
They're trying to
destroy us like Elliott!
But it didn't work!
Why didn't it work?
Who cares?
I mean, they want to isolate us?
What the hell does that mean?
It means they want to keep
us away from everyone!
What did we do?
It's what they
don't want us to do.
- Which is?
- Tell other people!
Tell who, Iz?
No one believes us!
Maybe they're afraid
someone will.
- This is all your fault.
- My fault?
This all started
when you kissed me.
When I kissed you?
- Where are you going?
- To warn Becca and Ari.
- We need to get out of here!
- And abandon our friends?
I don't know who you are.
[laughs]
That's funny.
I bet he doesn't know
who you are either.
[rumbling]
Yo!
These tremors, they mean
you're next, right?
Do I let your boyfriend
in on your secret?
Why is this happening?
Who's doing this to you?
Dude?
You know exactly
what is happening.
You figured you'd
wait me out.
You're crazy!
At least
I'm not some freak!
- I'm going to tell him.
- Go ahead and tell him.
Everyone keeps talking
about this secret.
I'd like to know what it is.
Fine! I lose, you lose.
Your girlfriend's not
really your girlfriend.
Izzy is actually...
She's a...
No!
[screaming]
Jennifer!
You came for free!
No!
What's happening?
Arun, run!
Run!
Arun!
- What the hell?
- We're back where we started.
No, no, that's
not possible.
I alternated turns
so that wouldn't happen.
Let's get out of here.
Locked.
Look!
Now what?
I'm getting the hang of this.
That tremor, that's
what happened to Elliott
when he disappeared.
That's what they're
trying to do to us.
Someone is controlling
who stays and who goes.
Security?
Izzy and Arun.
Arun, thank God
you're okay!
We have to get
out of here!
- Where's Izzy?
- There's more guys.
They just vanished,
just exploded!
- Code 51?
- What does that mean?
Where is she?
Where is Izzy?
I don't know.
Greta, she just
told me run and...
- You left her?
- Where is she, Arun?
They captured her.
Izzy, they caught her.
Where is Izzy?
The frat house,
south side.
Let's go.
You bitch!
Oh, nothing personal,
Iz or whoever you really are.
You were right about me.
It was no coincidence that
I showed up to Arun's dorm room.
We've been promised to
each other since birth,
but I'd never met him,
and I was certainly not
gonna get married in that way.
So you lied to him.
Don't talk to me
about lying!
I wanted what you want,
what everybody wants.
To fall in love.
I only had two choices.
Marry him or run away
and leave my family.
So I decided to see this man.
Is he someone I could like?
Maybe love?
And?
There's a lot of potential.
He loves me.
You do complicate things,
but I couldn't tell him
the truth about you.
Trashing your relationship
was a good start
but I couldn't rely on that.
I needed something else
to get you out.
Apparently, I've found it.
You blocked our objective.
You will be terminated.
But I got you this one.
[rumbling]
Please, don't do this!
Not yet!
I still have things
I can tell him!
I'm not done yet!
- Greta!
- Arun!
Don't worry,
I'll see you soon.
There are the others!
No!
- Arun, she was one of them.
- Come on!
Hold it right there!
- I think we're okay.
- Okay?
You call people exploding
everywhere okay?
Let's see.
What's the common thread
between us and everyone
else who's been destroyed?
Okay, the Griefers were
forcing people to join them.
- Elliott was terrorizing me.
- He was stealing from me.
And Greta helped us
escape from the guards.
So what did we do?
I tried stealing from you.
- You what?
- Elliott, he made me.
How?
Everyone acted
against the rules.
Well, we didn't.
We tried to figure out
what the hell was going on.
So how come
we didn't get taken out?
I don't know, but
we need to find Izzy.
[footsteps]
Oh, crap!
We're trapped!
Push!
What was that?
Thank Greta.
How the hell do
we get out of here?
We need to find Izzy!
We're no good to her
if we get caught!
Let's get out of here.
We'll find help.
- There must be an exit.
- There!
They're trying to get out.
Good.
[chanting]
We're back
where we started!
Hey, you guys!
These guards are trying
to shut you down!
These guys are trying
to root us out!
Let's go.
It's like they're
playing a game with us!
What'd you say?
It's like they're
playing a game.
Do you go to school here?
Yeah. I figured out
a way to cheat.
A nurse will be
with you shortly.
- We don't want a damn nurse!
- You don't remember us at all?
A nurse will be
with you shortly.
We're in a game.
What?
- This is crazy!
- What's crazy?
Check this out.
I've never seen
anything like it.
We have got four
separate viruses working
at the same time.
How is that possible?
I don't know, but it's not
responding to the built-in
antiviral software.
- Should I quarantine it?
- I've quarantined one,
but it's not letting me do
anything with the others.
Let's try something
a little stronger.
That's the best you can do?
A game?
It's a little
far-fetched, Becca.
You think?
Hi. I'm new here.
What should I do?
Join a group.
Go to class.
And what about partying?
Just play by the rules.
And what happens if I don't?
- You get kicked out.
- Kicked out of what?
The game.
It's impossible.
Wait.
The ones who don't respond
and give stock answers?
I think no-one's
playing them.
So that means what?
No one's playing us.
Then we should be
like them.
We shouldn't know
we're in a game.
This should eliminate them.
Hey, we're alive in here!
- Yes.
- What?
Before I stabbed you,
you asked me to dinner.
Yes.
I have an idea.
Are you crazy?
Sit down!
Hey! Hey!
Hey, right here!
Come get me!
Come on!
Come on over here!
Shut it down!
You're taking out the players!
Hey!
Oh.
Becca!
[shrieks]
Izzy!
How?
I broke free.
Oh!
What's going on?
We're fielding calls
left and right about avatars
getting blown from the game?
- It's under control.
- Yeah, it better be.
What are we dealing with?
An incredibly advanced
virus, really advanced.
You know the one
I had quarantined?
It broke through.
What are you saying?
It adapted?
I mean, viruses can't adapt.
That would make them alive.
[knocking on door]
Arun?
I made you some tea.
Thanks, Mom.
You will have
a visitor next week.
- Yeah? Who?
- Brianna.
I can't marry that.
Papa? Mommy?
I'm not agreeing
to marriage
but I'll go and meet Arun.
[groans]
Dude, what'd
you do that for?
I don't know.
Dude, we're this close to
having real life cyber sex!
I've been chipping in
all my allowance for this!
Come on, let's just go.
I don't get you, man.
[sighs]
Good luck, Izzy.
I'm ready to meet Arun.
What's going on?
Where's my Izzy?
I put in a tech service
request six hours ago
and reported this guy
at the same time!
Hey, every minute that
he is operating
and I am not,
I am losing money!
Calm down?
No, this is how
I make my living!
I set myself up to do
in-game sales
totally according
to your guidelines.
No, okay?
Look, it is still
not working.
Like I told the other guy,
I signed off for a few hours.
I come back and
I'm locked out!
Fine, but it better
be 10 minutes!
I have got to stop this guy.
Say hello to Ari 2.
So why us?
I mean, how did
we become alive?
I think I did it.
You? How?
My tear on Ari.
Then I drank
from Arun's cup.
And then I kissed Arun.
But we're not playing against
the rules of the game
like the others,
we're destroying
the rules, the game.
And they're afraid we'll
infect everyone else.
So who gave it to you?
No idea.
So now what?
Nothing.
There's nowhere to run.
They're just gonna keep at
us until they wipe us out.
So, what?
We just turn ourselves over?
No.
No, we can't give up.
We just have to let
them know we're alive.
How?
We communicate
with our makers.
* We never liked the way
you said about our situation *
* We never really liked
* The things you said
and did at all *
* You told us
all we needed *
* Was a little bit
of patience *
* But then we turned
around and *
* Found our backs
against the wall *
* So now we're forced
to find a way *
* That we can turn the tables
* So now we're looking
for a thing *
* To help us find a way
* We'll keep on going
* Just as long as we
are young and able. *
* We'll keep on coming
* Until we save the day
* You need some instruction
* Here comes some disruption
* You put a thumb across
* Our hopes and plans
and aspirations *
* Drop a conviction
and a sentence *
* On our only dreams
* Your dirty trick
and lying pricks *
* Have reached
the culmination *
* We cannot take
another crime, a con *
* Another scheme
* We're set for giving back
* All of the things we
think we're getting *
* We're set for taking back
* Our pride and all
our dignity *
* We're getting ready for
a total Armageddon *
* We're getting ready
though to get it *
* Gonna set it free
* You need some instruction
* Here comes some disruption
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org